docs: validating webhook (#1027)
kedacore/keda-docs: content/docs/2.10/deploy.md

If you want to try KEDA on [Minikube](https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io) or a different Kubernetes deployment without using Helm you can still deploy it with `kubectl`.

> - We provide sample YAML declaration which includes our CRDs and all other resources in a file which is available on the [GitHub releases](https://github.com/kedacore/keda/releases) page. There are 2 files available, with and without the admission webhooks (keda-2.xx.x.yaml and keda-2.xx.x-core.yaml respectively), you can chose the installation mode just using the correct file.

Reviewer: This is a bit long
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4345663/210948835-a954c28b-eee3-4264-8ca9-cb9a617e5190.png)

Let's simplify
```suggestion
- We provide sample YAML declaration which includes our CRDs and all other resources in a file which is available on the [GitHub releases](https://github.com/kedacore/keda/releases) page.
  - We offer two options to deploy KEDA:
    - Use `keda-2.xx.x.yaml` that includes all features, including admission webhooks (recommended)
    - Use `keda-2.xx.x-core.yaml` that installs the minimal required KEDA components, without admission webhooks
```

What do you think?

Author: nice!

If you want to try KEDA on [Minikube](https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io) or a different Kubernetes deployment without using Helm you can still deploy it with `kubectl`.

- We provide sample YAML declaration which includes our CRDs and all other resources in a file which is available on the [GitHub releases](https://github.com/kedacore/keda/releases) page. 

>   - We offer two options to deploy KEDA:

Reviewer 2: would be nice to add a link to the webhooks documentation here

Author: sure!

    - Use `keda-2.xx.x.yaml` that includes all features, including admission webhooks (recommended)
    - Use `keda-2.xx.x-core.yaml` that installs the minimal required KEDA components, without admission webhooks

Run the following command (if needed, replace the version, in this case `2.10.0`, with the one you are using):

```sh

> // Including admission webhooks
> kubectl apply -f https://github.com/kedacore/keda/releases/download/v2.10.0/keda-2.10.0.yaml
> // Without admission webhooks
> kubectl apply -f https://github.com/kedacore/keda/releases/download/v2.10.0/keda-2.10.0-core.yaml

Reviewer: Comments in shell are using # instead of // which breaks the syntax highlighting
```suggestion
# Including admission webhooks
kubectl apply -f https://github.com/kedacore/keda/releases/download/v2.10.0/keda-2.10.0.yaml
# Without admission webhooks
kubectl apply -f https://github.com/kedacore/keda/releases/download/v2.10.0/keda-2.10.0-core.yaml
```

```

- Alternatively you can download the file and deploy it from the local path:

> ```sh

Reviewer: Comments in shell are using # instead of // which breaks the syntax highlighting

- In case of installing from released YAML file just run the following command (if needed, replace the version, in this case `2.10.0`, with the one you are using):

> ```sh

Reviewer: Comments in shell are using # instead of // which breaks the syntax highlighting

// Including admission webhooks
kubectl delete -f https://github.com/kedacore/keda/releases/download/v2.10.0/keda-2.10.0.yaml
// Without admission webhooks
kubectl delete -f https://github.com/kedacore/keda/releases/download/v2.10.0/keda-2.10.0-core.yaml
```

- If you have downloaded the file locally, you can run:

> ```sh

Reviewer: Comments in shell are using # instead of // which breaks the syntax highlighting
